# Content Policy


## Introduction to Grill App: Subsocial’s Content Monetization Platform

Welcome to Grill, an application committed to enhancing the digital content landscape. We prioritize quality content and vibrant community engagement to foster an ecosystem where creators and their communities share insights and meaningful engagement. Our Content Policy underscores our commitment to maintaining high standards, respecting intellectual property, and guiding content sharing.


### Code Of Conduct 🤘

Please keep these policies in mind when posting or commenting on the Forum.

➕ Originality and Insight

Grill champions original content that offers valuable insights to our community. We appreciate detailed analyses, innovative ideas, and insightful thoughts and discussions that foster engagement and growth. The genre/topic of content is at users’ discretion but should not be entirely generated by artificial intelligence, such as ChatGPT. Any form of content confirmed to be more than 40% AI-generated by [GPTzero](https://gptzero.me/) is deemed unoriginal.

➕ Copyright and Intellectual Property

Publishing content without proper attribution to copyright or intellectual property is not allowed. For cross-posted content from other platforms, include a canonical link to the original source. Unless the original content was created by you (e.g. An official news site like [Polkadot Insider](https://grillapp.net/11157?ref=12449) that monetizes on Grill), the cross-post needs to be rewritten for authenticity. Any content found to be an obvious case of plagiarism or more than 30% copied from another creator or source, violates this rule. We will confirm this with [Duplichecker](https://www.duplichecker.com/).

➕ Meaningful Engagement

We encourage interactions that contribute positively to conversations, offering constructive feedback and fostering community connectivity. Repeating random phrases, emojis, and invaluable interactions will be considered a breach of this rule.

➕ No Spam, No Scam

Spam is not permitted. Random phrases, strings of letters/words, and emojis are considered spam. Sharing links from sources like X or YouTube without relevant titles and captions (can be personal thoughts, video descriptions, etc) is also considered spam. Materials intended to harm users or gain unfair advantage, including financial, psychological, or physical harm, are prohibited.

➕ On-Topic Discussions

Keep the discussions on-topic. Whilst it’s easy to get distracted and drift off-topic, we ask that you take a second glance at your comment/reply and ensure it’s related to the original discussion.

➕ No Trolling

Deliberately provoking arguments and posting controversial messages for the sole purpose of getting a response is not welcomed. Any form of abuse, insults, intimidation, hate speech, or condescension carried out by one user against another will be seen as a strong violation of this rule. We appreciate feedback and freedom of speech, but we implore you to be respectful, constructive, and mindful of your messaging.

➕ No Explicit Content

The posting of violent, vulgar, sexually explicit, or adult content is strictly forbidden. This also applies to user avatars, signatures, and other public content.

➕ No Prohibited Items

Content related to prohibited substances or weapons is not allowed.

➕ Harmful Intentions

Content with intent to harm the community, project, or other users is prohibited.


### Report Violations

If you see a post, message, or comment that violates this code of conduct, please report it to the Grill moderators or administrators through the official “[Grill policy violation](https://grillapp.net/c/subsocial/177594)” chat. We rely on our community to help keep the discussions respectful and productive.


### Causes for an Immediate Ban (being hidden) from the Grill application ⛔️

Some rules are flexible, while others are set in stone with no room for flexibility. A ban cannot be reversed until the ban period has elapsed. Any new alt-accounts made will also be banned. Note that there will still be access to everything else on the Subsocial blockchain, excluding the Grill application. The following offenses will result in an immediate and permanent ban from the Grill app.

⛔️ Hate speech

Any discriminatory, racist, offensive, hate speech and/or the intent to cause harm.

⛔️ Harmful intent

Attempting to phish, scam, manipulate, and/or cause harm to other users.


### 3 Flag Rule 🚫

A grace of 3 warnings/flags is given for non-ban actions. Some actions require more strikes than others, and proper investigation will be carried out before a strike is issued. If a user commits any conduct infringements after being issued 3 strikes, he/she will **forfeit 50% of their rewards** for that week.** A three-time reward deduction for policy violations will result in a ban**. Users will be notified about their policy violation through comments under the posts and a repost on the **[Grill policy violation space](https://grillapp.net/30180)** where we will keep track of all breaches.


### Flag Issuance Rules

Flagging is a soft warning issued by the mod team, but we must ensure we’re flagging the right stuff. Repeated offenses increase your strike count and could lead to a reward deduction or ban.


#### 🚩 1 strike

Breaking any of these codes of conduct will result in 1 flag/strike:



* AI copy
* Copyright infringement
* Repeated spamming and off-topic content


#### 🚩🚩🚩 3 strikes

Breaking these extreme codes of conduct will result in an immediate issuing of 3 strikes. Any infringements committed after will result in a **50% reward cut**. **A three-time reward deduction for policy violations will result in a ban**.



* Trolling, abuse, insults, provocation, aggravation, and any form of intimidation toward other users
* Posting explicit content or comments
* Posting of prohibited items


### Clean Slate Condition

As firm believers of second chances, all minor offenders will have a** clean slate** at the start of each month. This means the 3-strike counter will return to zero. For example, if you had 3 strikes twice in the last month and one in the new month, it’ll be counted as a **new 3-strike count**, instead of three 3 strikes that would have resulted in a ban from Grill. Note that your **rewards for that week will still be deducted** and this is for **minor **(1-strike) offenses only!


### Your Contact Points

Please refer to the list below for your go-to contact points regarding Grill.

#### [Report](https://grillapp.net/c/report) | [Policy violators](https://grillapp.net/30180) | [Discuss in official chat](https://grillapp.net/c/ask)
